sponsored by John Deere.
I could try to apply a unifying theme to
all the technology I saw out in the
desert last week, but I got to be
straight with you. I don't want to talk
about robots or even smart glasses or
heaven forbid AI shovelware.
I want to talk about gadgets. And
fortunately, from rolling laptops to
resurrected smartwatches to folding
phones to trifolding phones, the 2026
Consumer Electronics Show has provided.
[Music]
With this being first and foremost a
phone fels,
let's start with the second most
significant one shown at the show, the
Motorola Razor Fold. Off the bat, let me
tell you, this device is thinner and
lighter than its swollen curves and
squared off optical array might suggest.
Not quite thin enough to justify the
Razer name, no. But Motorola is no
stranger to stretching the truth when it
comes to making its most famous brand
work. And despite the lack of exciting
color options, the materials here are
friendly to the touch, with the curved
glass and shiny rails lending some
elegance.
The Fold has everything you've seen from
prior racers. From the sigh AI button to
the chop to flash and twist to camera
gestures, those cameras are triple 50
megapixel shooters around back, topping
out at a 3x telephoto. Disappointing,
but pretty typical. And the atypical
inclusion of stylus support on both
displays would be reason for celebration
if Motorola had provided a garage on the
device for said stylus. Sadly, that silo
is as absent as the magnetic charging I
was also hoping to find.
Other specs are unknown and to be
honest, they don't matter much to me
because the important thing about the
Razer Fold is that when it drops this
summer for a TBD price, it'll be the
only booktype foldable you can buy in
North America if you're not shopping
Samsung. Of course, the maker of the
Galaxy line is not standing still, and
I'll update you on my time with its
latest foldable at the end of this
video.
Before we leave the Brooklyn Bowl here
on the Link Prominade, let's check in
with Motorola's parent company for a
look at another shape-shifting device.
Now, don't get too excited. It's a
concept device, which means it may end
up as vaporware. But Lenovo has a long
history of actually commercializing some
of its wildest concepts, including the
other weird laptop it showed off on
site, the Auto Twist. I like that that
one opens itself, probably because it
reminds me of the best Star Trek movie
of the '90s. But I see no real utility
in the feature that follows you around
unless you're a chronic pacer on
conference calls. Point is, this was a
concept and now it's a real product. And
I hope the same happens with the
ThinkPad rollable XD. Tap a touchpad on
the upper edge.
Roll out
and the 13.3 in display extends upward
to a skyscraping 16 in. Thanks to a
flexible OLED and a series of gears and
cables Lenovo boldly decided to showcase
with a transparent panel here. I love
it. Cleverly, once you slide that screen
back down, the stowed section stays
useful because of that same clear
casing. If you don't remember Windows
Sideshow, well, who does? But I've
always appreciated the idea of a
secondary display that makes a clamshell
device usable even when closed. And if
you're in the middle of saying that
you'd appreciate a landscape rollable
more than a portrait one, well, Lenovo's
got you covered there, too, with another
concept from its Legion gaming lineup
that it also showed off in Vegas. But I
find a vertical horizon to be everything
I want. And the best I ever had was from
another laptop maker.
Back to that in a moment. Because trade
shows are frenetic and you don't stick
with one category too long. You're on
your way from one booth to another and
suddenly, bam, there's Eric Magikovski,
whom you were supposed to interview at
CES 2013, but United screwed up your
flights so bad you were late, which
meant your old friend Taylor Martin got
the interview instead and made you a
Delta man for life. True story. Anyway,
if you don't know Eric, his brand Pebble
is the reason smart watches became a
thing. From Kickstarter success story to
Fitbit acquisition and shutdown to its
current revival, the company is much
smaller than in its heyday, but you
wouldn't know it from the products it
was showing. Pebble Time 2 and Pebble
Round two.
I knew I was going to be excited to have
a Pebble back on, but I didn't really
know how excited because I forgot how
cute the UI is with its little
animations and the little homie touches
and the it's just so much more human
than any other smartwatch. And I forgot.
I legit forgot how much I appreciate
that. Also, this is as light as this is
much lighter than I It's almost like
nothing on my wrist, which normally I
don't like. I like a chunker, but this
is
well, it's just delightful. I'm glad I
pre-ordered one.
Besides the endearing OS and community
curated ecosystem that's managed to
survive on its own for 10 years after
Pebble's apparent demise, I'm mostly
excited Pebble is back because it's
limited. It's not trying to be all the
things modern wearables need to be to
achieve mass market success. It's trying
to give you relevant information on your
wrist while staying readable in all
lighting conditions and lasting between
10 and 30 days on a charge. That's why I
fell for smart watches to begin with.
And it's nice to see this icon of the
industry restored to its rightful place
on store shelves.
On my amble away from Pebble, my eye was
drawn to one of those things you you
just need to touch. Cyber Fidget is a
delightful little gizmo from Ipsellante
where an automotive engineer named Sam
builds these in his house. It's
basically a handful of deeply satisfying
buttons and some sensors made to a
wristwatch display and contained in an
enclosure you buy as a kit and build
yourself. To hear him tell it, Sam
wanted a device that could instill joy
like a Game Boy and feel like a Swiss
watch. So, he built, again, in his
words, the last fidget toy you'll ever
need. and the first developer kit you'll
want to carry. It's open source, so you
can write and run your own software on
it. And just as important, from Sam's
perspective, that also means the device
won't die if the company behind it does.
He's got a lot to say on the Kickstarter
page. Yes, as always, take caution with
crowdfunding projects, but I like that
both his vision for the product and his
target fundraising goal are narrowly
tailored for this retro cyber bidget
gadget thing.
Stuff like this is why I used to love
coming to CES.
Hello.
And stuff like this, too.
Look, I do a lot of talking on earbuds,
and I found it really tough to find a
pair whose microphones are actually good
at phone calls. Enter Subtle Computing
with the Voice Buds. Hardly the most
attractive TWWS earphones I've ever
seen. But as the subtle folks told me,
hardware isn't the point. Much of what's
inside these is off the shelf. The
secret sauce, they say, is in the
software they run, anchored by an
algorithm that demolishes background
noise. And this is a pretty good
environment to test this in because this
is really Yeah. confidence, right?
Yeah.
This is not even loud for our can go
way, way louder.
Really? Yeah.
Oh, hello.
Okay, so um
I didn't have the foresight to ask
subtle for the sound file and it was
impossible to capture the effectiveness
of the final product with my camera, but
this is the best noise cancelling I've
ever heard. After processing, not a
trace of the background chaos was
captured, while my low-level dictation
was preserved perfectly. It's
incredible. I hope Subtle succeeds based
on selling its own buds, but I'd love
for someone like nothing to buy or
license this technology so I could
leverage it while wearing buds whose
aesthetics agree with me a little
better. Nevertheless, if it weren't for
one other brand on site, stay tuned, I'd
award Subtle Computing with best demo of
the show.
Building roads and harvesting crops. Two
things you don't ordinarily think of
when you think of tech. But John Deere
thinks
maybe you should
see. The average farmer is over 58 years
old and works 12 to 18 hours a day. At
CES, I got to go hands-on with one of
John Deere's solutions to that
situation. It's Monster X9 Combine. This
is basically a rolling factory that
combines, get it, three main workloads
of the harvest process into one massive
machine. In the past, that meant an
operator needed to give a combine
constant attention. But thanks to lots
of cameras, AI, pinpoint GPS, and clever
software, this one can navigate,
process, and transport almost by itself.
As you might have seen in some of my
older videos, it can even drive in
formation with a tractor pulling a grain
cart right alongside.
And speaking of transport, almost half
the roads in the US are in mediocre to
poor condition, while four out of five
contractors struggled to hire last year.
So John Deere brought some of the same
technology it perfected in the fields to
road building. This automated paver is
essentially a giant robot that lays
asphalt at just the right temperature
and thickness to build even roads while
reducing waste and making workers jobs
safer and easier. In short, John Deere
is automating the world's most essential
machines to help produce the food, fuel,
and roads we all rely on. Thanks to John
Deere for sponsoring this video.
[Music]
Best demo of the show has got to go to
Lego.
Now, if you're thinking that adding tech
to something as sacrosanked as the Lego
brick is a blasphemous affront to one of
the last remaining non-connected toys, I
cannot blame you. I get it. But the
hour-long play session LEGO hosted
demonstrated such a complete and
thoughtful understanding of how kids
play, or at least how I played as a kid,
that I wasn't surprised to hear the
company tell me that this product took 8
years to develop. A smart play brick
includes sensors, lights, and sounds, so
it can detect motion, orientation, and
color, and position relative to other
smart bricks. Also, different bricks can
be assigned different roles, so they
know whether they're a duck or a
duckling, a dinosaur or a hatchling, a
noble rebel, or an Imperial oppressor.
Very few brands respect the glory that
is the A-wing interceptor. Very fast,
big sensor package.
The best star fighter ever devised.
Sorry for the Kuet Systems sponsor spot.
Anyway, the point is adding a smart play
brick to these means you get context
dependent reactions like R2 yelling if
you do a barrel roll or an explosion
sound if you knock something over. LEGO
has cleverly incorporated buttons into
some of its launch playsets, too, which
when pressed move the brick and expose
it to a different color, triggering a
sound effect like a laser blast. It's
like this like delightfully old school
Rube Goldbergian kind of implementation.
And when you need to recharge, you know,
I love this. That happens wirelessly.
Again, I get wanting to preserve a
tech-free play experience, and if we
were talking about putting screens on
bricks, I'd probably push back on this.
But to me, it feels like LEGO found the
perfect way to add a little dimension to
a classic experience without stepping
over a line.
And here's a good thing for someone
maybe.
The robot phone is a great example of
what keeps me covering honor. Despite
the fact that very few people ever watch
those videos, it's hardware no one else
is doing. In this case, a tiny gimbbled
camera that deploys when you need it and
stows into a completely enclosed cargo
bay when you don't. Kind of like the
robotic arm on the old space shuttle.
just right there. That could be an
action camera competitor that would make
a certain subset of influencer reach for
their wallet. And half of me thinks that
that target customer is exactly who this
phone's designers initially had in mind.
But this being 2026 and Honor being
well, Honor, it decided on a different
direction.
Wow.
[Music]
Hi.
[Music]
Yeah. Yeah.
We'll see more, I'm sure, in Barcelona.
And to cap things off with some more
intentional insanity, Asus is back with
the first dual screen laptop that might
actually win over the mainstream. To be
clear, I don't have sales data for the
company's earlier Zenbook duos, but over
the years I've covered them, I've never
gotten the sense that they were
developing much momentum, thanks, no
doubt, to their bulk. But the 2026 model
of the ZenBook Pro Duo is amazing. With
a new hideaway hinge, ASUS has made the
machine much more compact, and its
so-called seral aluminum finish is a
brighter dusting than prior models,
which makes it feel a little more
approachable, a little less
intimidating. The double screens now sit
closer together when opened. And while
the weight is about the same as before,
the battery has gained 32% capacity in
that same footprint.
Like I said with Lenovo, if you don't
get the portrait approach to dual
screens, I understand. But in the places
I work on cafe counters and airline tray
tables, my horizontal space is limited,
while my vertical space is almost
endless. Building up makes a lot of
sense in those contexts. I have a
ZenBook Pro Duo review sample and I'll
be testing it right after I finish my
review of the final product I'll mention
today.
Samsung's Galaxy Trifold has already
made an appearance on this channel
thanks to my December hands-on, but it
was being shown to media at large in Las
Vegas, and I had my retail unit with me.
Thanks to Dbrand for helping me import
it.
I love a trade show as a stress test and
the trifold came with me from plane to
bar to cafe to restaurant accompanied by
one of four keyboards I've used to see
if I can press it into service as a
fourpocket or a three pocket or even a
two pocket laptop. Of course, I've been
testing the cameras, too, and both
before and after CES, seeing just how
much use I can put that big 10-in
display to with or without Samsung Dex.
My conclusions will have to wait for the
full review coming up next on this
channel. But I've been surprised by how
often I've missed the other standout
Samsung from last year, the Galaxy Fold
7 that found its way into my primary
pocket starting around November. And it
makes me wonder whether we've possibly
already found Peak Foldable.
The eagle-eyed among you will notice
that yes, Clicks Power Keys was one of
the four keyboards I used with my
trifold. Don't worry, I'm not going to
try to sell you my product again. I only
bring it up to mention that as with the
last 2 years, about a third of my time
at CES was spent giving briefings about
our new products at Clicks. I loved that
experience. It's a wonderful inversion
of my typical time spent at a trade
show, but it does mean I have less time
to be out on the floor finding all the
weirdness I can devour. I'm actually
really pretty bummed that I missed out
on oddballs like the Side Phone and the
Echo Mind One and so many others, but
some new friends of the channel like
Returning Retro and Ole did uncover
those gems and I'll drop links to their
stuff so you can see them. Oh, and
incidentally, I did buy a side phone, so
I have one coming in soon for review.
Like I say, not everything needs a
unifying narrative or an underlying
theme. Sometimes a trade show is just a
trade show. In my case, a mostly fluffy
parade of gadgets and gizmos, some more
useful than others, but all worth
talking about to a particular type of
tech appreciator.
I hope you enjoyed the list I've cured
and I'd like to see what you saw in
person or remotely that you'd like to
see on this channel in 2026.
Travel and lodging were provided by
Clicks Technology, but as always, with
the exception of my sponsor, none of the
brands in this video were given copy
approval or editorial input into this
coverage. Subscribe to Mr. mobile so you
don't miss that trifold review coming
very soon and follow me on threads at
captain2 for my thoughts between the
videos. Until next time from Michael
Fischer, thanks for watching and stay
mobile my friends.
